Local evidentiary copy — supplements public archive per protocol-v1.md §6.4/§6.8
URL read: https://www.framer.com/pricing
Access date: 2026-08-07
Coder: framer pass-1 primary

WHY THIS LOCAL COPY EXISTS
The live read of this page rendered in TRY (Turkish Lira), driven by the browsing
session's locale (navigator.language = "tr", navigator.languages = ["tr","tr-TR"]).
No on-page currency/region selector was present (checked via full read_page scan —
none found). Section 6.8 forbids reloading/reconfiguring to hunt for a different
(e.g. USD) state, so the TRY state is what this record codes from.
The public web.archive.org save of this same URL
(https://web.archive.org/web/20260807050212/https://www.framer.com/pricing)
resolved on fetch to a pre-existing 2026-08-05 08:28 UTC capture that shows USD
figures ($10, $20, $30, $40, $50 visible in its payload) rather than the TRY figures
this coder observed live on 2026-08-07 — almost certainly because the archive
crawler does not carry a tr-TR Accept-Language/locale signal. That snapshot does
NOT prove the TRY state this record uses, so this local copy is the operative
evidence for the observed default display state, per the local-copy fallback in
protocol-v1.md §6.4. This is logged as a register_event (type: display_variant)
in framer.yaml.

navigator.language / navigator.languages at read time:
{"lang":"tr","langs":["tr","tr-TR"]}

window.location.href at read time: https://www.framer.com/pricing

BILLING TOGGLE STATE (read before any interaction)
DOM inspection of the "Yearly billing" control shows a toggle switch component
with data-framer-name="On" and variant="On" (blue pill, knob at "on" position) —
i.e. the page loaded with the annual/"Yearly billing" toggle already ON. No
"Monthly billing" text node exists elsewhere on the page (searched full body text
nodes), so no separate monthly-billing display state was available to read without
interacting with the toggle.

FULL PAGE TEXT (get_page_text, verbatim, before any click/toggle interaction) ---

Framer

Log in

Sign up

Start free, then scale your site

Yearly billing

Free

Try for free

TRY 0

500 credits to try

Free Framer domain

1 GB bandwidth

Design pages

Start for Free

Basic

Creative personal sites

TRY 231

per month

1,000 credits / month
2,000 credits / month
3,000 credits / month
5,000 credits / month
8,000 credits / month
10,000 credits / month
15,000 credits / month

Free custom domain

2 CMS collections

50 GB bandwidth

Built-in SEO

Localization (add-on)

Start with Basic

Pro

Growing professional sites

TRY 693

per month

3,000 credits / month
5,000 credits / month
10,000 credits / month
20,000 credits / month
30,000 credits / month
50,000 credits / month
100,000 credits / month

Free custom domain

10 CMS collections

100 GB bandwidth

Site redirects

Staging environment

Branching with previews

Advanced hosting (add-on)

A/B testing (add-on)

Start with Pro

Enterprise

Mission critical sites

Custom

Credits with volume discounts

Custom limits

Unlimited editors

Enterprise-grade security

Uptime guarantee

SCIM

SSO

Request Trial

Additional editors are

TRY 462

/ month,

and viewers are free. Learn more

[... plan comparison grid: Custom domain, Limits, Site pages 30 (Basic) / CMS
collections 2 (Basic) / CMS items 1,000 (Basic) / Bandwidth 50 GB (Basic) /
Hosting 20 locations / Analytics history 30 days / Password protect / Site
search / Site redirects / Static files / Branching / Staging environment ...]

Agents

Credits: Agents and other AI features consume credits — 1,000 per month, add
credits anytime

External agents — PREVIEW — Connect your own tools with Framer — Free during
preview

Pro Experts save 50% on agent credits.

Live collaboration

Workspace owner: One user who manages editors, projects, and billing — Free

Viewers: View and add comments on pages and designs — Free

Additional editors: Design, edit content, and publish your site — TRY 462 per
editor

Content editors: Update CMS, localization, and use on-page editing — TRY 231 per
editor

Seats: The maximum number of users with edit access

Add-ons

Locales: Translate your site into multiple languages with AI — Up to 20 — TRY 462
per locale

Convert: A/B testing, Funnels, and customization with Triggers

Advanced hosting: Multiple sites and custom headers under one domain — Start with
Basic

All prices are monthly and billed according to the billing cycle selected at
checkout. Any applicable sales tax will be added at checkout based on your
location.

FAQ

What are credits?
Every plan includes monthly credits that power Agents, Localization, and other AI
features. Credits are shared across your entire workspace and its editors.
Running low? Upgrade a site or add an add-on for more.
¹ On the free plan, when your workspace has no active subscriptions, you receive
500 credits to try Agents. Upgrade any of your sites to unlock more.

What's included in the Free plan?
Projects on the Free plan include access to 10 CMS collections, 1,000 pages, 5 MB
file uploads, and one free locale to try. This makes it easy to explore Framer,
use it as a design tool, or create templates. To connect a custom domain, you'll
need to upgrade to a paid plan. Workspaces without a subscription also support
collaboration with up to three editors.

Which plan is right for me?
Our Free plan is ideal for non-commercial use. The Basic plan caters to students,
freelancers, and small studios. The Pro plan is designed for teams at agencies,
startups, and scale-ups who run their full marketing stack on Framer. The
Enterprise plan is tailored towards teams that need custom limits, annual
billing, and dedicated support.

How are extra editors billed?
Editors are billed per seat and can be added to your workspace or projects at any
time. We will notify you when an editor is added to your billing, and you will be
charged within 24 hours.

What happens if I go over a limit?
When you reach certain limits, we will ask you to upgrade your plan in Framer.
For other limits, like bandwidth, we allow you to exceed your limit for one
month. You'll receive a notification via email so you can upgrade your plan
accordingly.

How many add-ons can you purchase on the Pro plan?
With add-ons you can have up to 40,000 CMS items, 40 CMS collections, 2 TB of
bandwidth, 700 pages, and 1.5M events on the Pro plan.

How are events billed for the Convert add-on?
You will be billed based on the number of analytics events your site generates
each month. An event can be a page view, a click on a tracked link, or a
submission through a tracked form. With the add-on, you can also run up to 5 A/B
tests. The add-on is billed as part of the billing cycle for the associated plan.

What's included in the Advanced Hosting add-on?
With the Advanced Hosting add-on, you can add up to 6 rewrites and set custom
values for the Permissions-Policy, Referrer-Policy, and X-Frame-Options headers.
You can also upload up to 50 static files.

What if my open-source or side project receives a lot of traffic?
We can be flexible with our limits for open-source or non-revenue-based side
projects. Please contact us to discuss the options.

What payment methods do you offer?
You can pay for your Framer subscription with a credit card or, in some regions,
via PayPal. Alternatively, we offer custom billing options, including credit
cards or bank transfers, for Enterprise plans.

What is your refund policy?
If you live in the EU or Turkey, you are legally eligible for a refund if your
subscription was purchased within the last 14 days. To claim your refund, please
contact our Support team; they will cancel your subscription and process the
refund.

Explore our help section for all articles related to accounts and billing.

--- END PAGE TEXT ---

No credit-card / "no card required" language appears anywhere on this page (no
trial section at all — Framer's paid tiers have no free trial, only a perpetual
Free plan; see credit_system_present / trial_exists coding in framer.yaml).
