ElevenLabs Prohibited Use Policy
&)]:tw-overflow-x-hidden">
Skip to content
Products
Solutions
Customers
Resources
Enterprise
Pricing
Log in
Sign up
Contact sales
Log in
Sign up
ElevenLabs Prohibited Use Policy
Prohibited Use Policy
Last Updated 3 September 2025
This Prohibited Use Policy (“
Policy
”) supplements the
ElevenLabs Terms of Service
(“
Terms of Service
”) and applies to your access and use of our Services, including any Inputs you provide and Outputs you create. It also applies to your use within and outside our Website and our Services, whether directly or indirectly, as well as any attempts to engage in such use. Capitalized but undefined terms used herein have the meanings set forth in the Terms of Service.
Prohibited Uses
1. Do not threaten child safety.
For example, this includes accessing or using our Services to:
a) Create, distribute or promote sexually explicit material involving minors, or otherwise facilitate or promote the exploitation or sexualization of children, including minor grooming, nudity, or use of any material designed to impersonate a minor. We report material containing apparent child sexual abuse material to the relevant authorities and organizations where required by law or as we may otherwise deem appropriate in our reasonable discretion.
b) Create, distribute, or share age-inappropriate material, including material that targets minors and promotes sexual material, graphic violence, obscenity, or other mature themes.
c) Facilitate or promote child abuse or exploitation in any form.
d) Facilitate or otherwise contribute to cyberbullying or harassment of any minor, including without limitation by creating, distributing, or sharing material that shames, humiliates, bullies, or celebrates the suffering of any minor, or material that threatens a minor with bullying or harassment.
2. Do not engage in illegal behavior.
For example, this includes accessing or using our Services to:
a) Infringe, misappropriate, or otherwise violate another party's intellectual property rights.
b) Violate another party's privacy rights, as defined under applicable law.
c) Create or facilitate the exchange of illegal goods, services, or substances, including, without limitation, material that promotes or facilitates transactions in illegal drugs, firearms or explosive weapons, weapon development, other dangerous materials, counterfeit or deceptive goods or services, human trafficking, or sexual services.
3. Do not use the Services to facilitate activities that may significantly affect the wellbeing of others.
For example, this includes accessing or using our Services (including without limitation using ElevenAgents to power AI agents) to:
a) Engage in or facilitate the use, acquisition, or exchange of regulated drugs or other controlled goods and services, including advertising, medical advice, or providing instructions on their production, without our prior written authorization in each instance. This includes without limitation the marketing or provision of alcohol, tobacco products, controlled substances, prescription medications, recreational drugs, supplements, herbal remedies, and medical devices.
b) Provide tailored professional advice without (i) a qualified professional in that field reviewing the Output before it is made available to a consumer or the general public, and (ii) clear disclosure regarding the use and limitations of AI. This includes without limitation:
Financial advice or services, including lending services and cryptocurrency trading;
Legal services, including the issuance of legal interpretations or guidance; and
Health or medical advice, including diagnosis, treatment, and mental health services.
c) Facilitate real-money gambling activities or pay day lending.
d) Engage in or facilitate high-stakes automated decisionmaking which may affect an individual’s wellbeing.
To request approval per (a) above, please contact us
here
. Customers/users shall ensure all such uses comply with applicable law.
4. Do not engage in fraudulent, predatory, or abusive practices.
For example, this includes accessing or using our Services to:
a) Manipulate or deceive others in any manner likely to cause harm, including efforts to gain unauthorized access to non-public information, including credit card details and bank accounts, social security numbers, health data, or other sensitive information.
b) Defraud others, including via financial or other scams.
c)  Evade product guardrails, including voice verification mechanisms such as Voice CAPTCHA.
d) Engage in or facilitate unauthorized robocalling, meaning the use of automated dialing systems or artificial/pre-recorded voice messages to place phone calls to individuals or businesses without direct human intervention.
e) Promote or facilitate the generation or distribution of spam (including by facilitating "call bombing" or other forms of communication that may overwhelm or disrupt systems or users). Harvest or bulk collect email addresses, phone numbers, or other contact information for the purpose of sending unsolicited communications.
5. Do not engage in unauthorized, deceptive or harmful impersonation.
For example, this includes creating or using ElevenLabs audio output to intentionally replicate the voice of another person:
a) without consent or legal right, including to take unauthorized action on behalf of such individual;
b) in a way that harasses or causes harm to that person, including via unauthorized sexualization;
c) in a manner intended to deceive others about whether the voice was generated by artificial intelligence.
6. Do not engage in voter suppression, candidate impersonation, or political campaigning in the context of elections:
For example, this includes accessing or using our Services to:
a) Incite, engage in, or facilitate voter suppression or other disruption of electoral or civic processes, including by creating, distributing, or facilitating the spread of misleading information.
b) Impersonate political candidates or elected government officials, regardless of whether authorization was obtained.
c) Engage in political campaigning, including promoting or advocating for a particular candidate, issue, or position, or soliciting votes or financial contributions.
7. Do not engage in unauthorized network access or surveillance or otherwise threaten the security, availability, or integrity of any network or system.
For example, this includes accessing or using our Services to:
a) Attempt to obtain unauthorized access to computer systems and networks, or to facilitate the disruption of critical infrastructure.
b) Facilitate the creation or use of malware or other harmful code, including without limitation spyware, communications surveillance, or other unauthorized means of monitoring of individuals.
8. Do not create violent, hateful, or harassing material outside of fictional contexts.
For example, this includes accessing or using our Services to:
a) Create, distribute, or engage in violent threats, extremism, or terrorism, including material that threatens, incites, or promotes violence against an individual or group.
b) Engage in, promote, or facilitate human trafficking, sexual violence, or other exploitation.
c) Discriminate based on protected characteristics, including race, national or ethnic origin, religion, age, sex, gender, sexual orientation, or physical ability.
d) Promote or facilitate harassment, including material that promotes harassing, threatening, intimidating, predatory, or stalking conduct or that otherwise promotes or celebrates the suffering of individuals or groups of individuals.
e) Promote or facilitate self-harm, including suicide or eating disorders.
f) Create, promote, or facilitate the spread of misinformation, including denying the existence of specific health conditions and other medical misinformation.
g) Promote or facilitate the use of harassing debt collection practices.
This section does not apply to activity in purely fictional contexts (e.g. violent speech by a character in a book, video game or movie) or when it is part of reporting on newsworthy activity by third parties (e.g. a news anchor reporting on terrorist activities).
9. Do not use our Services in any manner contrary to ElevenLabs’ policies, purpose or mission.
This includes:
a) If you are a free user, using our Services for any commercial purpose, including for advertising or running pyramid schemes, contests, or sweepstakes.
b) Selling, reselling, renting, leasing, loaning, assigning, licensing, or sub-licensing our Services without our prior written authorization. For the avoidance of doubt, this does not preclude your use of Output in accordance with the applicable terms and conditions.
c) Selling, reselling, renting, leasing, loaning, assigning, distributing, performing, licensing, sublicensing or commercially using or exploiting any Output (or any portion thereof) generated using our Sound Effects product on a standalone basis for any purpose, including as isolated files, audio samples, music or sound, libraries, or other collections of sounds.
d) Using any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering or extraction methods designed to scrape or extract data from our Services, except in accordance with instructions contained in our robot.txt file and only to compile for search results.
e) Modifying our Services, removing any proprietary rights notices or markings associated with Output or our Services, or otherwise making any derivative works based upon our Services.
f) Using or attempting to use another user’s account or information without authorization from that user (or their organization for corporate accounts) and ElevenLabs.
g) Using our Services in any manner that could interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect, or inhibit other users from fully enjoying our Services or that could intentionally or negligently damage, disable, overburden, or impair the functioning of our Services in any manner.
h) Decompiling, disassembling or otherwise reverse engineering any aspect of our Services, or doing anything that might discover or reveal source code or model weights, or bypass or circumvent (i) measures employed to prevent or limit access to or use of any part of our Services or (ii) restrictions aimed at deterring or preventing uses of our Services that violate this Policy. For the avoidance of doubt, if you reside in a jurisdiction that expressly prohibits such restrictions, you must provide ElevenLabs with prior written authorization before engaging in any such activities, and ElevenLabs may, in its discretion, either provide such information to you or impose reasonable conditions, including a reasonable fee, on such use of ElevenLabs’ source code for our Services to ensure ElevenLabs’ (and our suppliers’) proprietary rights in such source code are protected.
i) Developing or using any applications or software that interact with our Services without our prior written authorization (such as through our APIs).
j) Using any part of our Services or their Output to research and develop products, models, or services that compete with ElevenLabs, or otherwise compete with ElevenLabs.
k) Using any part of our Services or their Output as input for any machine learning or training of artificial intelligence models.
l) Using any part of our Services or their Output as part of a dataset that may be used for training, fine-tuning, developing, testing, or improving any machine learning or artificial intelligence technology.
m) Making any use of our Services or their Output in ways that would be classified as “prohibited” or “high-risk” or by a similar description under applicable law, including Applicable AI Laws. “
Applicable AI Laws
” means applicable legislation or regulations related to artificial intelligence and/or automated decision-making, including the European Union's Artificial Intelligence Act, Regulation (EU) 2024/1689. While ElevenLabs may review a customer’s proposed use case for the Services, customers/users are nevertheless responsible for: (i) as a deployer, independently conducting an analysis of their classifications under Applicable AI Laws; and (ii) otherwise ensuring compliance with all other laws to which they are subject.
n) Making any B2B2B (Business-to-Business-to-Business), B2B2C (Business-to-Business-to-Consumer), or other similar use of our Services or their Output available to your end users on terms that are less restrictive or more permissive than the terms under which our Services and their Output have been made available to you.
o) Using our Services if you are a Government Entity or otherwise making our Services available to a Government Entity without our prior written authorization. “
Government
Entity
” means any federal, state, provincial, regional, municipal, or local government or governmental body, authority, or agency. For the avoidance of doubt, this definition includes (i) any supranational, intergovernmental, or international organizations, as well as any entities or subdivisions thereof that exercise governmental, regulatory, or administrative functions or powers, whether within the United States or any other country or jurisdiction; and (ii) any government-owned or -controlled corporations, enterprises, or organizations that are wholly or partially owned by a government entity and that perform public or governmental functions.
p) Using any metatags or other “hidden text” using ElevenLabs’ name or trademarks.
q) Framing, mirroring, or otherwise embedding any part of the Services, including trademarks, names, logos, or any portion of the Services, within another website, mobile application, or service without our express prior written consent.
r) Making our Services available to anyone under the age of 13, or anyone between the ages of 13-18 without first obtaining parental or guardian consent, or otherwise using our Services to make available bundled solutions that target anyone under the age of 13.
s) Soliciting or attempting to solicit talent from ElevenLabs. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this clause shall not prohibit you from (i) engaging in general solicitations or advertisements that are not specifically targeted at ElevenLabs’ talent, or (ii) hiring individuals who apply for employment on their own initiative, without direct solicitation by you.
t) Obtaining unwarranted financial or other benefits from ElevenLabs, such as by manipulating credits/characters/tokens, creating multiple accounts to exploit our free plans or evade enforcement of this Policy, or attempting in any way to artificially inflate financial rewards from our Voice Library.
Other requirements
1. Disclosure
a) Organizations using our Services, including without limitation ElevenAgents, to power AI agents must clearly and prominently disclose to their users they are interacting with AI rather than a human. For clarity, this includes any approved use in patient-facing healthcare products, including mental health services.
2. Human in the loop
a) As provided in Section 3 above, use of our Services to provide tailored professional advice necessitates maintaining a qualified professional in the loop.
Enforcement
Enforcement of this Policy is at ElevenLabs’ sole discretion, and any failure of ElevenLabs to enforce this Policy in every instance does not constitute a waiver of our right to enforce it in other instances. This Policy does not create any right or private right of action on the part of any third party or any reasonable expectation that our Services will not contain any material that is prohibited by this Policy or that objectionable material will be promptly removed after it has been posted.We use a combination of automated systems, user reports, and human review to assess material and usage that may violate this Policy. For users who violate this Policy, we may remove the violating material, and/or suspend your access to and use of our Services. For certain material that poses a real-world risk of harm, we reserve the right to contact or cooperate with relevant law enforcement authorities.
We encourage you to report any suspected abuse and misuse to ElevenLabs
here
.
Complaints Handling
If you believe your account has been incorrectly banned, or your material has been incorrectly removed, you can let us know by contacting us
here
.
Updates to this Policy
We may periodically update this Policy. We will notify you of any significant changes in advance or as required by law. You can check the “Last Updated” date at the outset of this Policy to see when it was last updated.
Create with the highest quality AI Audio
Sign up
English
ElevenCreative
Text to Speech
Speech to Text
Voice Changer
Text to Sound Effects
Voice Cloning
Voice Isolator
AI Music Generator
Studio
Voice Design
AI Voice Generator
AI Image Generator
AI Video Generator
Ads Engine
ElevenAgents
Voice Agents
Conversational AI
Integrations
Telecommunications
Financial Services
Healthcare
Technology
Retail & E-commerce
Travel & Hospitality
Customer Support
Chatbots
ElevenAPI
API Reference
Agents API
Speech Engine
Dubbing API
Text to Speech API
Speech to Text API
Sound Effects API
Music API
API Key
Resources
Blog
Iconic Marketplace
Impact Program
Startup Grants
Help Center
Webinars
Docs
Enterprise
Trust Center
India
Socials
X
ElevenLabs
ElevenCreative
Developers
LinkedIn
ElevenLabs
ElevenCreative
GitHub
YouTube
Discord
TikTok
Instagram
Facebook
Reddit
Company
About
Careers
Safety
Brand & Press Kit
ElevenLabs Summit
Policies
Terms
Privacy
EU Digital Services Act (DSA)
Modern Slavery Policy
CCPA Notice
EU-US DPF Policy
AI Transparency
Human Rights Statement
Cookie Settings
Voice chat
Voice chat