How does billing work?
FAQ · Resume.io
Contact Us
How can we help you?
Results
No results found
More results
We use cookies to analyze website traffic and help improve our visitor experience.
Privacy Policy
Reject
Accept
In this article
7-day trial
6-Month & Yearly Subscriptions
One-time payments
Currency Conversions
How to edit billing settings
How do I request an invoice?
Home
Billing & Accounts
How does billing work?
Edited
Wednesday, October 22 2025
Resume.io offers various plans to accommodate a wide range of professionals and job seekers. These options are laid out in more detail on our
pricing page
. You can also learn more about
how to use resume.io for free
.
7-day trial
If you’re looking to test out our premium features but aren’t ready to make a long-term commitment, our 7-day trial is designed for you. Test out our resume and cover letter builders, download unlimited documents, and gain access to our entire suite of features for your job search, interview prep, and more. Read more about
what you can do with a premium subscription
.
With our trial plan, you have 7 days to cancel your membership. If your trial is still active after 7 days and you do not cancel, you will automatically be enrolled in a premium subscription and billed every 4 weeks.
The payment will generally appear on your bank or card statement as: RESUME.IO
6-Month & Yearly Subscriptions
Our 6-month or yearly subscriptions offer big savings and allow you to access all of our features for a predetermined period of time. After your subscription period finishes, your account will be automatically downgraded to our free plan so you don’t have to worry about canceling your subscription. You will still be able to access any resumes and cover letters you’ve created, and you can always upgrade your plan at any time.
One-time payments
To meet the specific needs of job seekers around the globe, we offer one-time payments in certain countries. Our one-time payments allow you to download your resume but do not provide access to all of our premium features. One-time payments are not a subscription and do not auto renew, so there is no need to cancel your plan.
Currency Conversions
Many of our trial and premium memberships are priced and billed in US dollars, although our website sometimes displays our pricing information in your local currency. It is possible that your bank may automatically convert our transaction in US dollars to your local currency during the billing process. We can’t control how banks and credit card companies convert currencies or debit accounts. If you have questions about prices or currency, feel free to reach out to
us
.
How to edit billing settings
Manage your billing settings directly from the resume.io app. Log in and click Account in the top right corner. The first page is where you can cancel your subscription, delete your account, or check out what type of plan you&apos;re on.
Learn how to cancel your account.
How do I request an invoice?
You can request an invoice for your subscription at any time by contacting
support@resume.io
.
We try to offer the best pricing plans to our customers based on personal preferences and other factors. As a result, our resume.io pricing plans can vary by location or be different from previous pricing plans.
Cookie preferences