How can I use resume.io for free?
FAQ · Resume.io
Contact Us
How can we help you?
Results
No results found
More results
We use cookies to analyze website traffic and help improve our visitor experience.
Privacy Policy
Reject
Accept
In this article
How to download a TXT file for free
Home
Resumes &amp; Cover Letters
How can I use resume.io for free?
Edited
Monday, November 25 2024
Resume.io offers several tools that you can use 100% free of charge, with no need to enter any credit card information. With a free account, you can:
Use our resume builder to create a fantastic resume from scratch. You have the option to download your resume as a PDF file with our Vancouver template or as a text file (TXT).
Write a cover letter in no time with our professional tools, pre-generated sentences, and tips, and download it for free in our Vancouver template or in TXT format.
Share online links to your resume.
Browse and view our library of
sample resumes
. Our extensive collection of REAL resumes is a great starting point for inspiration.
Search the internet for job vacancies all in one place using our
free job search tool
powered by Career.io (find it in your resume.io dashboard under “Services”).
Log in to edit/open your resume or cover letter at any time.
You can upgrade to a trial version of a premium account to create multiple resumes and cover letters and download them in any of our expertly designed
templates
. During the trial period, you will also have access to our host of premium features for 7 days.
After 7 days, the trial subscription automatically renews to a monthly subscription. You can cancel the account at any time through the &quot;Account&quot; menu in the top right corner of the app. There may be certain charges for the days you were able to use our services and products. Learn more about our
pricing plans
or
how to cancel or downgrade your account
at any time.
We try to offer the best pricing plans to our customers based on personal preferences and a variety of factors. As a result, resume.io pricing plans can vary based on location or may be different from previous pricing plans.
How to download a TXT file for free
While using resume.io’s free plan, you will only be able to download your resume as a PDF using the Vancouver template, or a TXT file.  A TXT file provides you with the text of your resume without a design theme. Simply choose “Export to TXT” in the drop-down menu located in the top right corner of the builder page. Once you download the TXT file, you can open it on your computer, select the text, then copy and paste the text into a word processor like Microsoft Word or Google Docs.
From there you can adjust the format and style on your own, while keeping the foundation of a great resume. You can also download the TXT file of your cover letter for free and format it in another word processor before submitting your application. Our TXT download options allows you to take advantage of our sample resumes and cover letters, AI-powered sample phrases, writing tips, and spell check feature.
To download PDF versions of our 30+ professionally designed and tested
resume templates
, visit the “Account Settings” menu to upgrade your account to a premium subscription.
Cookie preferences