URL: https://gamma.app/acceptable-use-policy
Captured: 2026-08-09, via ordinary browser render (Cloudflare JS challenge auto-resolved, no interaction), Claude_Browser preview tool
Network: Turkey egress
Method: document.body.innerText, full page
---

Products
Solutions
About
Pricing
Login
Start for free
Gamma Acceptable Use Policy

Effective as of 7/26 /2024. We believe in working collaboratively to create great things. In order to keep this platform a collaborative space in which all of our users can thrive, we've developed this Acceptable Use Policy ("AUP"), which applies to all of your use of or interactions with our Site, Services, or other Registered Users. When evaluating whether content or conduct violates this AUP, we look at the impact that such content or conduct has on our Platform and on other Registered Users, and we encourage you to consider the same.

This Acceptable Use Policy outlines restrictions on the content you can upload, create, and how you use Gamma's services and products. By using Gamma, you agree to abide by this policy. Users are solely responsible for all content they create, upload, or share using our services, including any content generated with the assistance ofGamma's AI tools. While Gamma's AI tools are designed to help users create and enhance content, users must review and ensure all AI-generated content complies with our acceptable use policy before publishing or sharing it. Users are ultimately accountable for the legality, accuracy, and appropriateness of any content they produce, even if Gamma's AI tools were involved in its creation or modification.

Gamma reserves the right to determine whether content violates this policy at its sole discretion. This policy may be updated from time to time. Certain content may receive added scrutiny at Gamma's discretion, such as in industries prone to higher abuse rates.

Gamma's Principles

Be Respectful in All Interactions
Please be civil, respectful, and considerate to other Registered Users in all your interactions with them.

No Hate Speech
Gamma does not tolerate any content or conduct that attacks or disparages an individual or group based on race, gender, religion, nationality, ethnicity, political group, sexual orientation or another similar characteristic, whether legally protected or no.

No Harassment and Bullying
Abusive or other unwanted harassing or bullying actions directed towards individuals, whether or not they are Registered Users, is not allowed. Repeated contact may constitute harassment. Content should not advocate violence, including self-harm, or make any threats against any individual.

Be Honest About Identity and Activity
Do not use Gamma to impersonate another person, or act as or on behalf of another entity without authorization from that entity.

Respect Intellectual Property and Personal Rights
Do not post content that infringes any intellectual property or personal right, including the right of publicity, of another party. Do not upload or use any content if you do not have the right to use such content in the way that you intend to or do use it.

Attribution Policy
If you utilize any of Gamma's features leveraging artificial intelligence ("AI") to help generate your content, you may not represent such AI-generated content as being wholly generated by you or wholly generated by an AI, and you must take ultimate responsibility for the content you publish. The role of AI in formulating your content must be disclosed in a manner that no reader could miss or not understand.

Prohibited Uses of Gamma

The following activities are prohibited when using Gamma's services:

1. Illegal activities: Engaging in illegal activity that violates applicable local, state, national, or international law, or promoting, facilitating, or instructing others to do so. You must comply with all applicable laws.

2. Graphic, harmful, and explicit content: Uploading or creating content that is graphically violent, gory, obscene, sexually explicit, promotes self-harm or suicide, terrorist activity, or content that poses a threat to the public. This includes, but is not limited to, depictions of extreme violence, brutality, or bodily harm; shocking or disturbing images; and content that is excessively bloody or visceral.

3. Child exploitation: Any content that exploits or sexualizes children, depicts or promotes abuse of children, or could be considered grooming.

4. Harassment, bullying, defamation and threats: Engaging in abusive, bullying, harassing, defamatory, libelous or threatening behavior that targets individuals to humiliate, intimidate or degrade them.

5. Hateful conduct and discrimination: Uploading or creating content that promotes hate speech, violence, hostility or discrimination based on race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, ancestry or national origin.

6. Infringement of intellectual property rights: Misappropriating or infringing on others' intellectual property, including copying or plagiarizing content without permission.

7. Malicious practices: Posting malware, viruses, harmful code, counterfeit goods/services, or engaging in deceptive, false, misleading or fraudulent practices.

8. Violating privacy: Attempts to share personal or private information (such as names, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, or anything else that would allow someone to locate or contact them) without express prior consent.

9. Interfering with services: Any use that interferes with or negatively impacts Gamma's services or connected third-party products/services.

10. Hacking: Attempting to gain unauthorized access to or unlawfully hack into accounts, computers, servers, networks or any assets belonging to others.

11. Spamming and unwanted contact: Spamming, phishing, or sending unsolicited bulk communications, duplicative messages, promotions or advertisements that may be considered spam or violate anti-spam laws like CAN-SPAM.

12. Impersonation and spreading misinformation: Using services to spread false, deceptive or misleading information, or impersonating any person or entity, providing false or misleading information, or engaging in deceptive practices that may mislead or confuse others.

13. Promoting violent & hateful entities: Promoting, supporting or glorifying violent extremist groups, terrorist organizations or individuals that engage in or encourage illegal and violent activities.

Gamma reserves the right to investigate suspected violations and take action against any user reasonably believed to be in violation, including suspending or terminating access without notice. To report suspected violations, please contact us.

[footer nav omitted]

© 2026 Gamma Tech, Inc.
