Adobe  Generative  AI Product  Specific  Terms 
 
Effective as of April 23, 2026. 
These Product Specific Terms and the Adobe Generative AI User Guidelines  located at www.adobe.com/go/adobe - gen-ai-user-
guidelines  (“Guidelines ”) govern your use of generative AI features in our Services and Software and are incorporated by 
reference into the Adobe General Terms of Use (“General Terms”) located at www.adobe.com/go/terms (these Product 
Specific Terms, the Guidelines, and the General Terms are collectively referred  to as “Terms ”). Capitalized  terms not defined  
here have the same meaning  as defined  in the General Terms. 
 
1. Generating Content. When you use generative AI features, you may be asked to input or upload content, such as an 
audio file, video file, document, image, or text (including any output parameters, such as aspect ratio, style, etc.) 
(collectively, “Input”). The Input will be used by the Services and Software to generate an output, such as an image, 
text, text effects, vector graphic file, audio file, or video file, which will be provided within the Services and Software 
(“Output”). The Input and Output are your Content (and are not Content Files or Sample Files) and all provisions 
governing Content in the Terms apply to the Input and Output. The generative AI features, Input, and Output must be 
used in accordance with the Terms, which may be modified from time to time. Adobe reserves the right to throttle, 
limit, disable, suspend, or terminate your right to use or access the generative AI features at any time in our sole 
discretion without prior notice to you. 
 
2. Input. You are solely responsible for your Input. You must not submit any Input that: (a)  includes trademarks  or other 
materials protected by third-party Intellectual Property Rights, unless you have sufficient rights in such materials; 
(b) is intended to generate Output that is substantially similar to a third party’s copyrighted work or is otherwise 
protected by third-party Intellectual Property Rights, unless you have sufficient rights in such work; (c) contains 
personal information unless you comply with all data protection and privacy laws and regulations applicable to the 
personal information, including providing privacy notices and obtaining consent,  where required;  (d) violates  applicable 
law; or (e) violates  the Terms. We may automatically block your  Input,  in our sole discretion, if we believe it violates 
the rights of a third party, applicable law, or the Terms. 
 
3. Output. 
 
3.1. Your Responsibilities.  You are solely  responsible  for the creation  and use of the Output  and for  ensuring the Output 
complies with the Terms; however, we may use available technologies, vendors, or processes to screen for and 
block Output that may violate applicable law, the rights of a third party, or the Terms, before the Output may be 
delivered to you. Adobe disclaims all warranties, express or implied, regarding the Output, including any implied 
warranties that the Output will not violate the rights of a third party or any applicable law. In addition, you 
must not remove or alter any watermarks or Content Authenticity Initiative metadata (e.g., Content 
Credentials) that may be generated with the Output, or otherwise attempt to mislead others about the origin 
of the Output. See contentauthenticity.org for more information. 
 
3.2. Suitability of Output. Use of generative AI features may produce Output that is unexpected or unsuitable for 
some users. The Output may not be unique and other users of generative AI features may generate  the same or 
similar Output.  The Output may  not be protectable  by Intellectual  Property  Rights.  
 
3.3. No AI/ML Training. You must not, and must not allow third parties to, use any content, data, output or other 
information received or derived from any generative AI features, including any Outputs, to directly or indirectly 
create, train, test, or otherwise improve any machine learning algorithms or artificial intelligence systems, 
including any architectures, models, or weights. 
 
4. Firefly Gallery License. If you submit Output to an Adobe-hosted gallery (such as the Firefly gallery ), you grant us a non -
exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty -free license to use, reproduce, distribute, modify, sublicense, create 
derivative works based on, publicly display, publicly perform, or translate both the submitted Output and the 
corresponding Input for marketing purposes and to allow other Adobe users to use said Input and Output to generate 
their own Output. 

 
5. Creative  Cloud Generative  Credit Add-on Subscription.  For Creative  Cloud customers  with a Creative  Cloud Generative 
Credit Add -on subscription ("Gen AI Add -on Subscription") through VIP, VIP Marketplace, or VIP Custom, this section 5 
applies. Your Software and Services may include generative AI features which may require generative credits. Generative 
credits allow you to generate Outputs based on the Inputs you provide to certain generative AI features. The number 
of credits required will vary based on the type of generative feature used and the type or number of Outputs that are 
generated (learn more here). During your Gen AI Add-on Subscription, the number of generative credits reflected in the 
subscription you have purchased expire  on a monthly cadence that aligns to your Anniversary Date. Each month, your 
account will be reset at the same number of generative credits for the duration of your Gen AI Add-on Subscription. 
Unused generative credits do not rollover. Any Gen AI Add-on Subscription does not count towards a Select or Volume 
Discount Level. 
 
6. AI Assistant for  Acrobat Add -on Subscription. For customers  with an AI Assistant  for Acrobat  add-on subscription, this 
section 6 applies. Your use of Acrobat generative AI features is governed by the Acrobat Generative AI Usage Policy  
where each user is allotted Requests. During your AI Assistant  for Acrobat  add-on subscription, the number of Requests 
reflected in the subscription you have purchased expires on a monthly cadence that aligns to your Anniversary Date. 
Unused Requests do not rollover. These Requests cannot be used towards or in combination with Creative Cloud 
generative credits. 
 
7. In-App Use of Non-Adobe Models. To the extent a generative AI feature involves an AI model labeled as 
developed by a third party (“Non-Adobe Model”), your use of the Non-Adobe Model to generate Content is 
governed by Section 3.12 of the General Terms (Third-Party Services and Software).  
 
7.1. Non-Adobe Models are provided solely as a convenience and we may elect to modify or discontinue 
support for a Non-Adobe Model at any time. For clarity, this section does not apply to plug-ins made 
available on exchange.adobe.com (or successor link). 
 
7.2. You must be 18 years of age or older to use a Non-Adobe Model. 
 
8. Firefly Output Indemnification . This section 8 only applies if you: (1) are a Creative Cloud for teams or Creative Cloud 
for enterprise customer and (2) have purchased a Creative Cloud Pro Plus plan or Creative Cloud, Edition 4 plan that 
comes with Firefly Output indemnification (“Eligible Plan”). 
 
8.1. Definitions 
 
8.1.1. “Affiliate” means, for an entity, any other entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control 
with, that entity. For purposes of this definition, the term “control” means the direct or indirect power 
to direct the affairs of an entity through a least 50% of the shares, voting rights, participation, or 
economic interest in that entity. 
 
8.1.2. “Eligible  Firefly Features ” means the Firefly features  listed  in the Firefly Product  Description. 
 
8.1.3. “Eligible  Firefly  Surfaces ” means the Services  and Software  listed  in the Firefly Product  Description that 
provide access to Eligible Firefly Features, which may be updated by Adobe from  time to  time. 
 
8.1.4. “Export Event” means that a user provisioned under an Eligible Plan has performed an action 
regarding a Firefly Output within an Eligible Firefly Surface as listed in the Firefly Product 
Description, which may be updated by Adobe from time to time. 
 
8.1.5. “Firefly Product Description ” means the description located at helpx.adobe.com/legal/product - 
descriptions/adobe -firefly.html  (or successor URL), which may be updated by Adobe from time to 
time. 
 

8.1.6. “Indemnified Firefly Output” means Output generated in response to an Input when using an 
Eligible Firefly Feature on an Eligible Firefly Surface and provided to the user after an Export Event.  
 
8.2. Our Duty to Indemnify. Provided that the Indemnified Firefly Output is used in accordance with the Terms, and 
subject to section 8.3 (Conditions to Indemnification), we will defend any third-party claim, action, or legal 
proceeding made against a person or entity during the term of the Terms that alleges that you or your Affiliate’s 
use of the Indemnified Firefly Output directly infringes the third-party’s copyright, trademark, publicity rights, or 
privacy rights (“Infringement Claim”). We will pay the damages, losses, costs, expenses, or liabilities directly 
attributable to an Infringement Claim and which are either finally awarded by a court of competent jurisdiction 
or agreed to in a written settlement agreement signed by us. 
 
8.3. Conditions  to Indemnification.  We will have no liability  for any Infringement  Claim: 
8.3.1. that arises from: (1) any modification of an Output, including with any Services and Software; (2) any 
combination of an Output with any other materials, content or information; (3) any use of an Output in 
violation of these Terms; (4) any use of an Output after we have instructed you to stop using it; (5) any 
Output that is based on a non-text Input, where the Input on its own would have given rise to the 
Infringement Claim; (6) the context in which the Output is used; or (7) anything that is not the 
audiovisual content displayed or played by the Eligible Firefly Feature, for example any technical metadata 
that may be produced by the Eligible Firefly Feature such as file metadata and query response 
parameters. 
 
or 
 
8.3.2. if you fail to: (1) notify us in writing of the Infringement Claim promptly upon the earlier of learning or 
receiving notice of it, to the extent we are prejudiced by this failure; (2) provide us with reasonable 
assistance as requested for the defense or settlement of the Infringement Claim; (3) provide us with the 
exclusive right to control, and the authority to settle, the Infringement Claim; or 
(4) refrain from making admissions about the Infringement Claim without our prior written consent. 
 
8.4. Limitation of Liability. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Terms or in any other  agreement  
between you and  us, our total maximum aggregate  liability with respect  to Indemnified Firefly  Outputs  will in no 
event exceed  US$10,000  per (a) any Indemnified  Firefly  Output  or (b) Infringement  Claim  (or set of related  
Infringement  Claims).  Notwithstanding  any otherwise  applicable statute(s)  of limitation,  any action or dispute  
resolution  proceeding  must be commenced  within two years  of the act, event, or occurrence  giving rise to the 
claim. 
 
8.5. Sole and Exclusive  Remedy. The foregoing  states  our entire liability  and obligation, and  your sole and exclusive 
remedy, with respect to any Outputs or Infringement Claims. 
 
 
Adobe -Generative -AI-Product -Specific -Terms -en_US-20260423 

