Mubert Terms of Use - User Agreement & Platform Guidelines
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
We are
live on Product Hunt now
— Vote for us
Products
Pricing
Blog
FAQ
What's New
Eng
Log In
Sign Up
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
DMCA Policy
DOWNLOAD PDF
Mubert Website Terms of Use
We are Mubert Inc. a Delaware corporation located at 908 Broadway SF CA USA 94133 (or, simply Mubert). Mubert protects your data and respects your privacy. If you are a Mubert customer or just visiting our website, this Terms of Use applies to you.
Mubert's various services and products (Mubert Render, Mubert API) may be subject to separate agreements (including the privacy policy), please follow the rules relating to those products and services, if you use them.
The terms of the agreement (
Terms of Use, Agreement
) between you (
You
) and us (
We, Mubert
) is found below. By continuing to use the Mubert website (this site) or accessing any content or material available on this site (
Content
), you agree to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
The services provided by Mubert are subject to several licenses, which regulate Your right to use these services. Related licenses can be found on such services’ websites.
We respect your privacy and process your personal information in accordance with our
Privacy Policy
. Our Privacy Policy explains how we deal with your information.
1. License grant
You are granted a personal, revocable, limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to access and use the Mubert Website for your non-commercial, personal use and no other purpose.
2. License restrictions
You may not publish, republish, modify, translate, create derivative works of, copy, distribute, market, display, compile, remove, or alter any proprietary notices or labels from, lease, sell, sublicense, clone, transfer, decompile, reverse engineer, or incorporate into any information retrieval system this website or any website content.
3. Use of mubert services and products
You may use our services, if you are a person that has reached the age of majority and can sign a binding contract with Mubert. If you accept these Terms and Conditions of Use on behalf of a company, organization, government, or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to do so.
4. Availability of the website
This website may be unavailable from time to time because of routine maintenance requirements. Mubert does not guarantee specific hours of availability.
5. Intellectual property
We own all the content that we have put on the Mubert Website, copyright, trademarks, images, text, designs, and other intellectual property. You may not copy, distribute, modify, or make derivative works of any of our Mubert Website content or use any of our intellectual property in any way.
6. Privacy
We respect your privacy and process your personal information following our Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy explains how we deal with your information.
7. Content removal
We can remove any of the content for any reason at our discretion.
8. Security
Concerning the security of the information provided via the Mubert Website, developers have taken steps to safeguard the integrity of telecommunications and computing infrastructures, including, but not limited to: authentication, monitoring, auditing, and encryption. This information should not be interpreted in any way as giving business, legal or other advice or warranting as failing the security of information provided via the Mubert supported website. Users should ensure that the computer and software used to access the site, including the Internet browser software, are up to date.
9. Minors
Children are not eligible to use online services that require submission of personal information, including those that require payments by credit card and we protect minors (under 18) from using the website. This prohibition includes submitting personal information to Mubert to form an account.
10. Blocking
We may block you, terminate any of your Mubert accounts (including but not limited to Mubert services account), or refuse to process a payment, including withholding your account balance indefinitely, if we reasonably believe there is a risk associated with you, your account, or that payment, including if it breaches a law or regulation.
11. Liability
Mubert may not be held liable in case of any damages, direct or incidental, including but not limited to profit or customer loss, loss of data, or information, all purchases being advised to store a backup of their data.
12. Terms of use modification
Mubert may modify these Terms of Use at any time.
13. Severability
If one of the clauses of the Terms of Use is held to be invalid, you and Mubert agree that the other clauses shall remain valid and that the license will remain in full force and effect.
14. Applicable law
These Terms of Use are governed by the laws of the State of California, USA. Any dispute relating to their interpretation and/or their execution shall be referred to the U.S. jurisdictions, excluding any other competent jurisdiction.
15. Indemnity
Upon request by Mubert, you agree to indemnify, defend and hold Mubert harmless (including but not limited to affiliated companies and their contractors, officers, directors, and employees) from all claims, liabilities, and expenses (including reasonable attorney's fees) related to your breach of this Agreement.
Mubert Render
Render
Pricing
License
Use Cases
How it works
Mubert API
API
Pricing
Documentation
Use Cases
Tools
Mubert Fuse
Youtube Copyright Checker
DMCA Twitch Checker
Instagram Reels Checker
TikTok Sound Checker
Other Products
Mubert for Streamers
Mubert for Business
About
Blog
FAQ
About
Contacts
Generate infinite music streams in 150+ moods and themes. Perfect for IRL, gaming, or creator streams that need non-stop, DMCA-free music.
Mubert Inc
8 The Green Dover
Delaware US 19901
[email protected]
Eng
© 2016 –
2026
, Mubert Inc. All music broadcasted on *.mubert.com domains is generated (created, composed, recorded) by Artificial Intelligence (algorithm, software, program) owned by Mubert® Inc and licensed by Mubert® Inc only for personal use. All rights are reserved. Public reproduction, recording, distribution of this music is prohibited.
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
DMCA Policy