 Generating videos on Sora | OpenAI Help Center 
 All Collections Sora Generating videos on Sora Generating videos on Sora Updated: 6 hours ago Please note that the following experience only applies to Sora 1 on Web . It does not apply to the Sora app or Sora 2 on web. We’re building the next generation of Sora. The Sora 1 web experience is actively being deprecated, and customers should transition away from Sora 1 web and look forward to Sora for Business. Expect more details in the coming months. We’re excited to introduce Sora, our video generation model. Sora is able to generate complex scenes with multiple characters, specific types of motion, and accurate details of the subject and background. The model understands not only what the user has asked for in the prompt, but also how those things exist in the physical world. Generating video content on Sora With the Sora Video Editor , you can generate videos up to 20 seconds long while maintaining visual quality and adherence to your prompt. To get started, at the bottom of the screen, you can describe your video by providing text in the input field, or upload an image or video file in your initial prompt. To upload an image or video file, select the + option in the input field and pick the file you want to upload. Please note, in accordance with our Upload terms agreements, you may not upload any content for which you are not the owner or do not have all necessary rights, and you may not upload any images or videos of other individuals without their express written consent. Once you submit your prompt, you can review your settings. You can change the aspect ratio, resolution, duration, and the number of variations you will create. Once you submit your prompt, it may take up to a minute for Sora to generate the video. You can verify the status of your video at any time by clicking on the icon on the top-right of the page. Once your video has finished generating, you can hover over the preview in your library to watch all of your variations play back to compare the results. You can click on any of the individual videos to watch it in a larger view, which will enable you to edit and build upon the generated video. Re-cut - trim and extend this video in a new storyboard Remix - describe changes and create new videos based on your generation Blend - transition elements from this video and another video Loop - create a seamless loop based on any part of the video At the top of the page, you can: Favorite your video to easily find it in your Library Share your video with a link Download your video in an MP4 format The three dots menu also enables you to Add the video to a specific folder, report the video, or delete your video. Deleted content cannot be recovered. The Featured Feed is intended to inspire creation - featuring the best examples of how Sora unleashes creativity to create delightful, entertaining, and inspiring videos. Using Storyboard in the Sora editor The Sora storyboard enables you to create a video by selecting the individual frames, by timestamp, that you want generated in your video. You can access it by clicking on the Storyboard option in the input section at the bottom of the page. You can also open the Storyboard by selecting the Re-cut option, which will open your generated content in a new Storyboard. In the cards, you can upload a video, image, or use text to describe what you want to happen at a specific time in your video. In the timeline, you can drag the cards to set the pace of your story. It’s recommended to leave space between the cards to give time to connect the scenes. The less space between the cards, the higher likelihood of hard cuts in your video. In each card, you can view the source media, convert the generation into text, add a caption, or delete the card. At the bottom of the page, you can set the aspect ratio, resolution, duration, and the number of variations you will create. Understanding Unlimited Usage ChatGPT Pro and Plus plans offer unlimited access to Sora. However, usage must adhere to our Terms of Use , which prohibits, among other things: Abusive usage, such as automatically or programmatically extracting data. Sharing your account credentials or making your account available to anyone else. Reselling access or using ChatGPT to power third-party services. We have guardrails in place to help prevent misuse and are always working to improve our systems. This may occasionally involve a temporary restriction on your usage. FAQs What features are available for each ChatGPT tier? ChatGPT Plus, Business, and Pro users can enjoy the following features: ChatGPT Tier Features ChatGPT Plus ChatGPT Business Unlimited images and video Up to 480p resolution and 10s duration videos Up to 1 concurrent generation ChatGPT Pro Unlimited images and video Faster generations Up to 1080p resolution and 20s duration videos Up to 5 concurrent generations Download videos without a watermark Currently ChatGPT Enterprise and Edu accounts are not eligible for Sora access. How long are video generation wait times? Video generations are prioritized in our queues based on your ChatGPT subscription plan, with ChatGPT Pro users receiving priority. During peak hours, all users, including those on Pro plans, may experience wait times of up to several hours. We are committed to doing our best to keep processing times as fast as possible. Limits may be enforced to prevent abuse and ensure a stable and equitable experience for all users. Why is my video taking so long to generate? Here are some immediate troubleshooting steps you can follow when you experience slow responses from Sora, or obtain a “service at capacity” response. Clear your browser cache and cookies : Most often, if your experience was normal previously and you are suddenly seeing a delay with your ChatGPT performance, it is due to outdated cache data. Clearing your browser's cache and cookies can often resolve unexpected behavior with certain web applications. Check our Status Page : Sora users during peak hours may notice a pattern of slowness at specific times of the day. Check OpenAI's Status Page for any reported issues or maintenance activities that could affect response times. Try a different browser: This can help determine if the issue is specific to your current browser or device setup. Certain browser extensions can interfere with web applications. Try disabling extensions, especially those that block scripts or ads, to see if that resolves the issue. Closing unnecessary programs or tabs can free up system resources which will speed up your web browsing on ChatGPT. Using an incognito window can help identify if the issue is related to your browser's settings or extensions, as incognito mode disables most extensions by default. Try a different device or network : Verifying your internet connection speed using online speed test tools can help identify if the slowness is specific to Sora. Sometimes, your company network or VPN may have new policies making it difficult to access Sora. Talk to your IT administrator if you suspect that problem is with your network. Can I choose whether or not to share my generations on the Explore feed? Please note that all text-based video generations made with Sora may be shared to the Explore community page. You can disable this by default by clicking on your profile icon on the top-right of the page, selecting Settings, and toggling the Publish to explore setting. Is Sora part of ChatGPT Business ? We're still working to release a business version of Sora, but in the meantime we are offering Sora access to our ChatGPT Business users if they wish to try the consumer version of Sora under our consumer Terms of Use . Please keep in mind the Sora 1 web experience is actively being deprecated, and customers should transition away from Sora 1 web and look forward to Sora for Business. ChatGPT Business users who access Sora using their Business account will also be opted out of training. Is Sora available by API? At this time, there is no API access for Sora. How can I find if Sora is available in my country or territory? Please refer to our list of supported countries and territories to verify if Sora is available in your country. Need more help? Contact us AI Chat Chat now AI Phone Call (beta) 1-888-GPT-0090 Calls may be recorded to improve OpenAI services. Learn more. Was this article helpful? Submit ChatGPT API Service Status Cookie Preferences 