 Sora - Billing FAQ | OpenAI Help Center 
 All Collections Sora Sora - Billing FAQ Sora - Billing FAQ Updated: 4 days ago Please note that the following experience only applies to Sora 1 on Web . It does not apply to the Sora app or Sora 2 on web. How do I upgrade my plan? Only ChatGPT Plus users can upgrade their plan. To upgrade, click on your profile icon of any Sora page and select My plan in the drop-down menu. Then, select Manage plan in the settings dialog. Click on the Get Pro button under the Plan type to complete the upgrade. How do I cancel my plan? You can cancel your plan by going to ChatGPT , selecting your profile icon > Settings > Account > Manage > Cancel Subscription and confirm to complete your plan cancellation. How long are video generation wait times? Video generations are prioritized in our queues based on your ChatGPT subscription plan, with ChatGPT Pro users receiving priority. During peak hours, all users, including those on Pro plans, may experience wait times of up to several hours. We are committed to doing our best to keep processing times as fast as possible. Limits may be enforced to prevent abuse and ensure a stable and equitable experience for all users. What features are available for each ChatGPT tier? ChatGPT Plus, Business, and Pro users can enjoy the following features: ChatGPT Tier Features ChatGPT Plus ChatGPT Business Unlimited images and video Up to 480p resolution and 10s duration videos Up to 1 concurrent generation ChatGPT Pro Unlimited images and video Faster generations Up to 1080p resolution and 20s duration videos Up to 5 concurrent generations Download videos without a watermark Currently ChatGPT Free, Enterprise, and Edu accounts are not eligible for Sora access. Understanding Unlimited Usage ChatGPT Pro and Plus plans offer unlimited access to Sora. However, usage must adhere to our Terms of Use , which prohibits, among other things: Abusive usage, such as automatically or programmatically extracting data. Sharing your account credentials or making your account available to anyone else. Reselling access or using ChatGPT to power third-party services. We have guardrails in place to help prevent misuse and are always working to improve our systems. This may occasionally involve a temporary restriction on your usage. What is my billing date? Your billing date is the day of the month on which you first initiated your plan, which is also the day that you will receive your monthly subscription charge. Subscriptions for ChatGPT plans are charged on a calendar monthly basis, from the subscription start date. How do I delete my account? ⚠️ Deleted accounts are not recoverable. Deleting your account yourself in ChatGPT or our Privacy Center will include canceling any active paid subscriptions. If you previously deleted an OpenAI account, we don't support creating a new account with the same email or reactivating the old account. You can delete your account in ChatGPT by following these steps: Sign in to ChatGPT . In the top right, click your profile icon. Click Settings. In Settings click Data Controls. Under Delete account click Delete. You may only delete your account if you have logged in within the last 10 minutes. If you haven't logged in within the last 10 minutes then you'll need to sign in again. Confirmation screen will appear where you need to type your account email + "DELETE" into the input fields to unlock the "Permanently delete my account" button Once the inputs are filled out you unlock the "Permanently delete my account" button Click "Permanently delete my account" to delete your account. Learn more about deleting your ChatGPT account. Why do I get the error, "You do not have an account because it has been deleted or deactivated"? If you get this error when you try to login or create an account it means the account associated with the email address you're trying to use to sign up for / login to an account underwent an account deletion: This will happen either because you deleted your account in ChatGPT -- or -- you deleted your account by submitting the email to our Privacy Center for deletion. Is Sora part of ChatGPT Business ? We're still working to release a business version of Sora, but in the meantime we are offering Sora access to our ChatGPT Business users if they wish to try the consumer version of Sora under our consumer Terms of Use . ChatGPT Business users who access Sora using their Business account will also be opted out of training. Need more help? Contact us AI Chat Chat now AI Phone Call (beta) 1-888-GPT-0090 Calls may be recorded to improve OpenAI services. Learn more. Was this article helpful? Submit ChatGPT API Service Status Cookie Preferences 