SOURCE: https://colossyan.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/31601591090065-Managing-your-account
ACCESS DATE: 2026-08-07
ARCHIVE STATUS: archive_failed twice (web.archive.org/save returned HTTP 520/429 on colossyan.zendesk.com domain) -> local_copy_only per protocol-v1.md section 6.4
TITLE: Managing your account 🪪 – Colossyan
PAGE "Updated" LABEL AT ACCESS TIME: "1 year ago Updated"

--- VISIBLE MAIN-CONTENT TEXT AS READ ---
Colossyan
 Account & Payments
ARTICLES IN THIS SECTION
Managing your account 🪪
1 year ago Updated
Upgrade from free to paid

Click "Upgrade" on the left-side menu
Review pieces for monthly and annual payment plans by toggling the button in the top-right corner.
Select the plan and monthly video minutes that you need
Click the black Upgrade to button

Upgrade between paid plans

You can upgrade a paid plan to a different paid plan to have more minutes or more features.
In this case, we only charge your payment method with the difference between the higher plan and the remaining amount of the current plan - to put it simply: we pro-rate the amount.
Upon renewal, we will process a transaction for the full price of the new plan.

Click on your plan in the left menu
Review pieces for monthly and annual payment plans with the toggle button in the top-right corner. The minutes will also reflect this change.
Select the plan and the amount of seats that you need.
Click the "Upgrade" button

Access your invoice history

Click on your initials in the lower-left corner, and select "Payment & billing".
Scroll down to access previous invoices.
Alternatively, click on your plan on the left menu, and select the "Manage" button under your current plan.

Adding team members to your account

Check the How do I invite team members? section of the Workspaces article.

Change your account email address

Currently, it is not possible to change your email address directly from your account. If you wish to change the email please contact us at support@colossyan.com

Downgrade from paid to free
Click on your plan in the left menu
Scroll down in the pop-up window (Change the browser's Zoom option, if it is not visible)
In the bottom-right corner, click the black button under the Free plan

Cancel your subscription
Click on your plan in the left menu.
Click on the "Monthly - Yearly" toggle in the top right corner of the window (To select your current type of subscription)
Select Cancel subscription under your current plan

Your cancellation will take effect and will stop the automatic renewal at the end of the current paid term.
When your current billing cycle ends your account will be downgraded to a free plan.
Your drafts and generated videos will remain intact on your account, however, you'll lose access to the editor.

Delete your account

To delete your account, please send us a message at support@colossyan.com
Important: If you really do wish to delete an account, please make sure to cancel your subscription first. Deleting an account doesn't cancel your subscription.

Was this article helpful?
Yes No
0 out of 0 found this helpful
Return to top
