URL: https://plusai.com/terms
Accessed: 2026-08-10
Method: curl static fetch of full page HTML (terms-raw.html, same directory), tags stripped,
  organized by <h2> section heading below. Terms of Service is server-rendered (not a JS
  price widget), so static fetch is adequate for text content (unlike /pricing).
Network note: web.archive.org /save/ attempted twice (2026-08-10); both returned an existing
  2026-08-02 capture (8 days stale) rather than a fresh same-day one. archive_status =
  local_copy_only; terms-raw.html (this directory) and this organized extract are the
  evidentiary local copies.

=== Acceptance of Terms of Service ===
Acceptance of Terms of Service By creating an account on the Service, accessing and/or using the Service, you irrevocably agree to these Terms of Service. These Terms of Service govern your use of and Plus’s provision of the Service. If you do not agree to these Terms of Service, you may not create an account on, access or use, the Service. “You” means the entity you represent in accepting these Terms or Service or, if that does not apply, you individually. If you are accepting on behalf of your employer or another entity, you represent and warrant that: (i) you have full legal authority to bind your employer or such entity to these Terms of Service; (ii) you have read and understand these Terms or Service; and (iii) you agree to these Terms of Service on behalf of the party that you represent. Plus may, in its sole discretion, refuse to offer the Service to any person or entity and change its eligibility criteria at any time. This provision is void where prohibited by law and the right to access the Service is revoked in such jurisdictions. 

=== Modification of Terms of Service ===
Modification of Terms of Service At its sole discretion, Plus may modify or replace any of the Terms of Service, or change, suspend, or discontinue the Service (including without limitation, the availability of any feature, database, or content) at any time by posting a notice on the Plus websites or Service or by sending you an email. Plus may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or all of the Service without notice or liability. It is your responsibility to check the Terms of Service periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Service following the posting of any changes to the Terms of Service constitutes acceptance of those changes. 

=== Privacy ===
Privacy For information regarding Plus’s treatment of personally identifiable information, please review Plus’s current Privacy Policy. 

=== User Account Registration ===
User Account Registration In order to access and use all of the features of the Service, you are required to open an account (“User Account”) by registering with Plus. When you register for a User Account you must provide true, accurate, current and complete information (“Account Information”), and you agree to update the Account Information in order to ensure that it is current. Upon proper registration and opening of a User Account, and subject to all of the terms and conditions of these Terms of Service, Plus hereby grants to you the personal, non-transferable right and license to use the Service, solely for your own internal business purposes, until such time as either you or Plus elect to terminate such right in accordance with these Terms of Service. Upon registration for a User Account, you will provide Plus with a user ID and password to access your account. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and for all of your activities and those of any third party that occur through your account, whether or not authorized by you. You agree to immediately notify Plus of any suspected or actual unauthorized use of your User Account. You agree that Plus will not under any circumstances be liable for any cost, loss, damages or expenses arising out of a failure by you to maintain the security of your password. 

=== Acceptable Use ===
Acceptable Use You may use your User Account for the Service only for lawful purposes, and only in accordance with these Terms of Service. You shall not use or access the Service to: (i) advertise, promote materials or solicitation related to any product or service that is competitive with Plus products or services; (ii) transmit or transfer (by any means) information or software derived from the Service to foreign countries or certain foreign nations in violation of US export control laws, or (iii) to violate or attempt to violate the security of the Service or any third party’s system or network security in any way. In addition, you agree not to, directly or indirectly: (A) reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover the source code, object code or underlying structure, ideas or algorithms of the Service or any software, documentation or data related to or provided with the Service (“Software”); (B) modify, translate, or create derivative works based on the Service or Software; or copy, rent, lease, distribute, pledge, assign, or otherwise transfer or encumber rights to the Service or Software; (C) use or access the Service to build or support, and/or assist a third party in building or supporting, products or services competitive to Plus; (D) remove any proprietary notices or labels from the Service or Software; or (E) otherwise use the Service or Software outside of the scope of the rights expressly granted herein. You agree to use the Service and Software only for your own internal business operations, and not to transfer, distribute, sell, republish, resell, lease, sublease, license, sub-license or assign the Service. Further, you shall not (directly or indirectly): (i) take any action that imposes or may impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on Plus’s (or its third party providers’) infrastructure; or (ii) interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Service or any activities conducted on the Service; (iii) bypass any measures Plus may use to prevent or restrict access to the Service (or parts thereof). You are responsible and liable for all uses of the Service under your User Account and associated User Account credentials, including without limitation, compliance with all applicable laws and regulations and third party terms. 

=== Subscriptions ===
Subscriptions Plus offers paid versions of our Services; the paid versions require purchasing a monthly or annual subscription to access additional features and benefits (the “Subscription”). By purchasing a Subscription, you expressly authorize us (or our third-party payment processor) to charge you the applicable fees, taxes, and any other charges associated with the Subscription, and you agree to the pricing, payment and billing policies applicable to such fees and charges, as posted or otherwise communicated to you. By purchasing a Subscription, you authorize Plus to initiate recurring, non-refundable payments. Your payment is final and non-refundable or cancellable. If you cancel your Subscription, you will not receive a refund for any portion of the remaining time in your billing period . If payment is not received or cannot be charged to you for any reason, Plus reserves the right to suspend or terminate your access to Plus, downgrade your Subscription and/or terminate this Agreement. 

=== Use of AI ===
Use of AI Plus may offer features that use AI technology (“AI Functions”) developed by us or third-party providers (“Third Party AI”) to create responses using text, data, images, and other graphics ("Results") based on your queries and inputs (“Inputs”). These Results, intended to assist in drafting and revising presentations, are dependent on your Inputs and the AI Functions, and are not intended to be final or definitive. All Results are provided “as is” and with “all faults.” Plus makes no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to the Results, including the accuracy, completeness, or reliability of the Results. Furthermore, Plus is not responsible for, will have no liability, and makes no representations to Results from Third Party AI. When you use Plus AI, your Inputs and Results are your Customer Data. You are solely responsible for the development, operation, maintenance, and use of your Customer Data. Due to the nature of AI Functions, you acknowledge that Results may not be unique, and other users may receive the same or similar Results. You will ensure that your use of Plus AI and your Customer Data does not violate any applicable law or the Agreement. 

=== Trademarks and Patents ===
Trademarks and Patents All Plus logos, marks and designations are trademarks or registered trademarks of Plus. All other trademarks mentioned in this website are the property of their respective owners. The trademarks and logos displayed on this website may not be used without the prior written consent of Plus or their respective owners. Portions, features and/or functionality of Plus’s products may be protected under Plus patent applications or patents. 

=== Termination ===
Termination Plus may terminate your access to all or any part of the Service at any time if you fail to comply with these Terms of Service, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with your account. Further, either party may terminate the Service for any reason and at any time upon written notice. Upon any termination, all rights and licenses granted to you in this Agreement shall immediately terminate, but all provisions hereof which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability. 

=== Indemnification ===
Indemnification You shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Plus, its affiliates and each of its, and its affiliates employees, contractors, directors, suppliers and representatives from all liabilities, losses, claims, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, that arise from or relate to (i) your use or misuse of, or access to, the Service, or (ii) your violation of the Terms of Service or any applicable law, contract, policy, regulation or other obligation. Plus reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will assist and cooperate with Plus in connection therewith. 

=== Limitation of Liability ===
Limitation of Liability IN NO EVENT SHALL PLUS OR ITS DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS, SUPPLIERS OR CONTENT PROVIDERS, BE LIABLE UNDER CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, NEGLIGENCE OR ANY OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICE (I) FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, DATA LOSS, COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, OR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, OR SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, (II) FOR YOUR RELIANCE ON THE SERVICE OR (III) FOR ANY DIRECT DAMAGES IN EXCESS (IN THE AGGREGATE) OF THE FEES PAID BY YOU FOR THE SERVICE OR, IF GREATER, $500. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. 

=== Disclaimer ===
Disclaimer ALL USE OF THE SERVICE AND ANY CONTENT IS UNDERTAKEN ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE SERVICE (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, PLUS AND ANY CONTENT) IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” AND IS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ANY WARRANTIES IMPLIED BY ANY COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE, ALL OF WHICH ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. 

=== Miscellaneous ===
Miscellaneous The Terms of Service are the entire agreement between you and Plus with respect to the Service, and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals (whether oral, written or electronic) between you and Plus with respect to the Service. If any provision of the Terms of Service is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that the Terms of Service will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. The failure of either party to exercise in any respect any right provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder. Plus shall not be liable for any failure to perform its obligations hereunder due to any cause beyond Plus’s reasonable control. The Terms of Service are personal to you, and are not assignable or transferable by you except with Plus’s prior written consent. Plus may assign, transfer or delegate any of its rights and obligations hereunder without consent. No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment relationship is created as a result of the Terms of Service and neither party has any authority of any kind to bind the other in any respect. Except as otherwise provided herein, all notices under the Terms of Service will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given when received, if personally delivered or sent by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested; when receipt is electronically confirmed, if transmitted by facsimile or e-mail; or two days after it is sent, if sent for next day delivery by recognized overnight delivery service. 

=== Contact Us ===
Contact Us For questions regarding the Service, you can get in touch by emailing us at support@plusdocs.com. Notices with respect to the Service should be sent to Plus at: Plus Docs, Inc. 113 Cherry St PMB 86703 Seattle, Washington 98104-2205 US AI presentation maker Prompt to presentation Document to presentation PDF to presentation Text to presentation AI in any language Edit slides with AI Transform your slides Custom branding AI for PowerPoint add-in Google Slides AI add-on Presentations API Presentation Agent API Plus AI MCP server AI chart maker AI image generator AI presentation narrator AI for Google Docs Live Snapshots Blog Resources Free presentation tools Plus AI templates Downloadable templates Presentation generators Example presentations Reviews and comparisons Pricing Enterprise Affiliates Help center Contact us LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Company Careers Security Privacy Policy Terms of Service Cookie Policy © Plus Docs, Inc 2026 

